all right folks welcome back this is
episode six in our ongoing ict
mentorship on youtube for 2022
and the market efficiency paradigm and
institutional order flow will be our
topic for this evening
all right so how do we internalize price
delivery
first we do not trade patterns for
patterns sake
we do not trade indicator readings or
momentum
we look to enter longs where retail
sells
we look to enter shorts where retail
buys usually when you hear
me say something like that or someone
that's been trained by me speak like
that it sounds like well you know
you're talking like you work for an
institution you work at a bank you know
you're you're trading retail too yes
we are all operating
through retail avenues to get to the
marketplace
what i'm teaching you is the internal
dialogue
of what we're doing we're looking at
price
we're not thinking
like the collective that is commonly
referred to as the retail trader because
majority of retail traders lose
they have a failed logic they don't have
consistency they don't have
well longevity
so we want to try to think
and engage differently with price
that is opposed to the majority of what
retail
analysis concepts
you whatever it is that you
subscribe to as a retail trader
you know all those things
unless they're rooted in the basis of
liquidity and overflow
it's
made up it's a religion and
i'm not here to argue beyond that that's
what i have come to to believe
and that's how i operate and my results
and the things that my students see
speak for themselves
we anticipate price seeking opposing
liquidity
okay so what does that mean
well if you're looking at this diagram
imagine
if we could
take
price as a
conceptual idea it doesn't matter what
market it is but let's just say there's
two camps
there's the informed or smart money and
that's represented by this small little
circle over here
and then there's a larger collective
which is the speculative uninformed
money there's a large influx all the
time of new
uninformed money coming in because
there's a large influx of uninformed
money going out because they lose their
account they blow
up whatever equity they have in your
trading account it's gone because of
lack of discipline and a flawed logic
smart money traders when they look at
the marketplace
they're not looking at secret trading
indicators
okay
there is no
secret indicators
just let me put that
to bed right now now there may be
traders that have tools
okay that they like to measure price
action with
that's not like a stochastics
it's not like an rsi it's not like a
well anything you can find on a trading
platform list of indicators okay
those things are not reached for
by informed money
what they're specifically looking at is
time and price
the most important thing is time
because time
that is
the most crucial element so time of day
is vital when we're engaging price
retail doesn't really have
any understanding
or affinity for time except for the fact
that they have time now to trade because
they're in front of their computer or
they have time to look at their phone
while they're at work and they're
putting on trades okay that's the extent
of time when it comes to a retail
average trader
time
for a professional through the lens of
smart money
time is crucial because time
of day there are specific elements
in a daily range
that
really build the
likelihood of volatility to come in and
also
when short-term reversals are likely to
occur
okay so
i mentioned in previous lessons that
there's algorithms
that will start to gyrate
and cause price to run at specific times
of the day
if you were watching the
e-mini markets today you saw it happen
at four o'clock
that was one of the times i gave and it
was relentless today
smart money so that way i can make this
real short and to the point
smart money looks
to
cannibalize
this group of trader
so because they're typically wrong
in their directional bias in their
stop placement should they choose to use
one because a lot of traders don't use a
stop loss as a retail trader because
they're afraid
they may expect the market to go lower
and they understand that the
highs above where they're at if they're
in a very small window of profitability
unrealized profit means they're still in
the trade but they don't have a stop
loss in
now logic dictates that they should have
a
buy stop in to protect their position in
case the market screams against them at
least it limits the amount of equity
lost but
they may look at an old high and say
okay i understand that my stop should be
above that but because of their infancy
they have no idea where to put it above
that high they don't want to put it too
shallow because it might go up and hit
it and stop out their trade prematurely
and or
they don't want to put it up too high
and then it spikes through that reaches
for them
and then it reverses and goes in the
direction they're holding so they take a
big loss and get stopped out so those
are the two
conundrums that a retail trader falls in
to that pitfall that trap
and maybe you're nodding your head and
smirking thinking man i was there a lot
i know and i can admit back in the 90s
1992 1993
that was what i was doing all the time
you know i just didn't know what i was
doing and i was falling victim to myself
in just infancy not knowing
but
the smart money traders
are not looking at price
with
give me a pattern to trade off of you
know a bull flag
a wedge pattern or something of that
effect
they're looking at
liquidity
what is the underlying narrative right
now in the marketplace is it bullish is
it bearish is the day's daily range
going to go higher but how's it going to
go higher is it likely to go lower at
the beginning of the day first to sucker
traders and going short
run out sell stops they can acquire long
positions at and then rally going into
the close or maybe into the afternoon
and that would be the extent of their
plan of action
and how does that speculative uninformed
money
and its liquidity that it provides how
can they utilize that that's the market
efficiency paradigm it's efficient
for smart money traders to view the
marketplace in that perspective
versus
technical analysis
the mumbo jumbo things that traders put
on their charts okay
and you can lock me in there too because
the times where i'm trying to use the
logic that i trade with and if it fails
i've done something wrong i've
interpreted price wrong
i thought something was in price
and it wasn't there and it rolled over
top of it and there it is that's a loss
everybody's going to have a losing trade
okay
but
i'm not
looking at price
with patterns
on the sake of just trading
for the pattern's sake in other words
just because i think i see a pattern
there
because there's a misnomer that goes
around trade what you see
well just like the trend is your friend
that trend is not your friend when it's
at the end and it's reversing okay so
there's always a rule to the rule
there's always an exception to every
rule okay and that's experience
but what i've hopefully done in this
model so far and i promise this is the
end of the boring stuff we'll get into
the nuts and bolts
i'm stripping everything down
and placing components
at their logical place and order so that
way you can go in the price
immediately you don't need 18 months you
don't even need four months
it's immediate i've received a ton of
feedback and i appreciate all that
that you all can go into the charts and
see these things right away and some of
you actually started trading it i'm not
asking you to do that i'm not trying to
inspire you to do that
you need to study it more but that's how
quick
and different all this is okay this is
not your typical
ict you know the stale
boring stuff this is the things that
really work in the marketplace so
with that in mind let's continue
so i want to give a little bit more
specifics about the fair value got that
we have the rules
what it looks like so that way you
understand exactly what it is
and where it forms
because this is going to repeat
every single time it's going to be the
same logic that i'm gonna show you here
okay do not try to fancy dances okay and
try to turn it into some kind of a
mentorship course and rename everything
with your name and and don't do that
okay just
take it for what it is
i already know people are going to try
to take this and copy it and make
courses out of it okay
i've already given it to you for free
if it helps you
then god bless you
okay all i'm asking for is just
appreciate the fact that i've taken the
time to put it out here for you
so the bearish ict fair value gap
this is institutional order flow and
it's a pattern that you can see the
order flow
actually coming into the marketplace
when you look at like
depth of market
okay
or if you study volume profile
that's a religion okay what you're
looking at
is data yes
but
your interpretation
is a private
interpretation
it's
what you believe there may be a lot of
other traders that have a similar
mindset about that very thing but simply
because you think that
doesn't make it true
it doesn't okay
so what i'm trying to do is take my
students
into the marketplace with a chart
a time-based chart okay there's some out
there that will say time-based charts
are useless that's because they don't
know how to use a time-based chart
because algorithms the first element
they operate under is time
hello
quants
so we're looking at
what does a bearish ict fair value gap
look like well if you
take a look at this diagram it's rather
crude i know
but you have a run preferably above some
kind of old high
so the first candle is the high
and the next candle
is
the extended low that goes below it
the third candle is another continuation
candle but the main important factors
are this it's a three candle formation
the first candle's low
has to be traded below
on the immediate following candle
the next candle has to trade with an
extended low as well that went below
candle number two
but does not trade with a high
that trades back to candle number one's
low
what that creates is this small little
gap where one candle only traded from
the range of the candle number one's low
to candle number three's high so that
little space that's occupied right there
what is actually occurring there is
price
is only being offered on the sell side
there
so imagine if you're painting your wall
at your home okay
and you take your roller you put it in
the paint and you put the paint
up against the wall
and you roll down
okay at first the first foot or so
there's going to be a
an ample amount of paint delivered to
the wall from your paint roller
but then as you keep rolling down
towards the floor
what will happen you'll start seeing
these little pockets that look really
porous
okay
what do you have to do to fix that you
just change directions and start rolling
the paint roller back up the same place
you roll down
that's exactly what price does
there's an algorithm that delivers
efficient market delivery
you can argue with me all you want
you're not going to convince me i know
it
if you go into price action with that
market efficiency paradigm perception
looking for this characteristic in price
i promise you you will never look at
charts the same way again it'll unlock a
lot of things we're going to move the
matrix
and neo finally sees the matrix as it
really is in binary code ones and zeros
he has clarity well that same event as
silly as it may sound ends up happening
when you look at price action when you
start looking at it from this
perspective so let's go back into that
analogy with this
between this candle is low and this
candle is high we only have cell site
offered so that's like taking the paint
and applying it to the wall and drawing
down with the roller
but now as you pull down there's little
pockets
right in here between this candle's low
and this candle is high where price has
not been efficiently offered
for buyers
why how's that working
well you have sell side being offered
here because the market's delivering
lower prices it's offering continuously
lower prices between this candle is low
and this candle is high
to efficiently balance out that little
inefficient area
at some future time the market's going
to want to trade back into that
area when it does
and you're bearish
that's a short signal okay you can go
short and sell there with the
expectation it's going to start to move
lower
optimal formations of the bearish ict
fair value gap will be found after a run
into buy side liquidity so
it's not a matter of going into charts
and looking for this little gap all the
time
this model i'm teaching you on this
youtube channel
is meant for you to look for
periods where price runs above an old
high then it breaks down
and then you look for this pattern this
is what it looks like
you're not looking at anything prior to
this candle has absolutely nothing to do
with anything except for the fact that
we treated above and on high that's a
very simple logic isn't it and
the run above a
single high
or multiple highs like a double top okay
either one of those fits this criteria
so what you're looking for is a pool of
liquidity
of buy stops resting above these highs
that's buy side liquidity
smart money will want to trade up into
that and go short
they may not be
engaging above the high they may miss it
just like any one of us that haven't
been
ready to take an order and place it in
the marketplace they may miss that
this is their
saving grace right here this pattern
that's what smart money is looking for
they're looking for that right there
and then once they see that they go in
either with their limit order mark it in
something to that effect
and get short and the stock would be
above the high
okay there you go short and sweet done
that
is exactly what you're looking for for a
fair value gap so when you're doing your
annotations on your charts
this is what you want to be doing
all your back testing label
number one candle
the number two candle
is always going to be where the gap
resides
and then the number three candle gives
you the lower end the upper end of the
fair value gap is going to be the low of
candle number one
the lower end of the fair value gap is
going to be
the high of candle number three and the
difference between candle number one is
low and candle number three is high
that's the fair value you got
so
the easiest entry would be trading just
above candle number three's high
you can put a limit order right there
and be done
simple don't have to worry about
guessing where to put your limit order
in it's right there
place your stop
right above can number one
or you can put it above candle number
two
but
while you're learning how to use
this that may seem like a lot of range
you want a lot of range when you first
start out i'm assuming that all of you
are brand new you may not be but i'm
teaching it with that perspective in
mind
some of you
that have been with me for a longer time
you know how to reduce that stop and i
know hearing that by some of you that
are new you feel like you're being
slighted oh you're holding back no i'm
protecting you because i know already
some of you already are going out there
trying to treat life money and you may
be reporting you're doing good but
you don't know what you're doing yet
okay just
trust me you got to practice and do a
lot of back testing then demo it
then you'll get it
the bearish market structure shift
what does that look like conceptually
well you have the market trading higher
short-term little retracement then it
trades above an old high or the initial
short-term high that it trades above
here
and then it breaks down
once that low is broken
that's when the new
trade idea is now
being birthed you don't even know where
you're getting in at yet until you go
through this process i'm going to show
you right now
the market will see a price delivery
of a rally
above an old high or highs
and then quickly shift lower that's this
right here
now the significance i'm placing on the
term quick is linked directly to the
term displacement okay it's got to be
energetic it can't be a little lethargic
little move it's got to show a real
willingness to want to go lower
and preferably
close
below
that
if it does that that to me is a little
bit more significant
whereas if we
just go through this low a little bit
like a wick and come back up um
that to me is not all that convincing
i want to see that it has absolutely
displaced and then the candle closed and
then we look inside this range here
so when you're looking at market
structure shifts
this is all time frames so don't think
this is just the intraday version of it
but i'm specifically dealing with
intraday
so when we create that high that
high down to the low that breaks the
short-term low here so now we have that
shift in market structure there right
below that low
that is the displacement low
this is your displacement high
so what's the big deal about that oh
you're just trying to add some words ict
sound smart that way don't you
no it's conceptual ideas being expressed
so what you have in between that range
that right there
you're gonna be hunting your fair value
gaps because that's exactly where it's
going to form
don't take my word for it every one of
your examples are going to have this
oh
don't take my word
that's
the only thing to believe go into your
charts and you will be convinced of it
in short order
period
so if you're bearish
and you see price run above an old high
then it breaks below the old high and
takes out a short term low
prior to that run above
that short term low being broken
draw that out in time that's your
displacement low
and the high is your displacement height
so that range between here and here
that's displacement
how do you know it's displacement how it
closes down here below that low
is it just a real short little drop
below
it might have a fair value gap but it
also might be
likely to go higher and create another
high
so that's this is the secret to it here
knowing how we trade below that and if
it's energetic a lot of movement big a
big beefy bearish candle that closes low
below this level right there okay if we
have that as soon as we have that candle
form
start watching to see
if it creates a fair value gap in
between this low and this candle's
high or that range okay
that's exactly where the fair value gap
to sell short will form
if there is no fair value gap in here
guess what you don't have a trade you
wait
or go to another market
because one of them is going to be there
every single trading day okay every
single trading day
this pattern forms
are you telling yes i'm telling you just
like that every single trading day
this pattern forms
every single day long and short
but you have to look for it
with this process
okay
everything i teach obviously is reversed
the same way so i'll just go through
this a lot quicker because this is
already becoming a longer video than i
wanted it to be but bullish ict fair
value gap again institutional order flow
pattern and it's three candles formation
the
candle here is number one the second
candle here
and the third candle there
candle number one's high
that is the low of the fair value gap
candle number three's
low is the high of the fair value gap
candle number two is where the fair
value gap will be formed
so that is your favorite value gap and
everything
you would expect to see in form of a
market run below an old low or multiple
lows for sell side liquidity
once it starts trading higher and takes
out a short term high that's not being
shown here okay cause i'm showing you
the pattern itself this is what you're
looking for okay this separation between
three candles
that's the criteria
you have to blend in the logic of a
market structure shift that's bullish
so what does that look like you have a
market trade below no low
and maybe go a low another
leg lower and create a run into sell
stops
once that occurs then you're looking for
a run higher that takes out a short term
high
and it closes above it with an energetic
displacement higher
once you see that then you have a trade
idea being birthed you don't have a
trade entry yet until you determine if
it has a fair value gap where does that
reside
between the displacement high
and the displacement low
in between
right before the market structure is
broken bullishly and the low that ran
into the cell stops
that is your range this is exactly where
you're looking for a fair value guy
so in that range
that's where your bullish fair value gap
resides if there isn't one there you
don't have a trade
is that not specific and clear it's
perfectly illustrated there's no
ambiguity to it it's exactly the logic
you're going to use going forward it
does not change it doesn't mutate into
anything you don't bring something else
into it you don't add something else
that some other educator has taken my
stuff and twisted it up and try to make
it sound like something new and they've
created themselves no
this is what you're supposed to be doing
if you do anything other than this
you're not going to get the results
you're looking for and you're not going
to find
my ict fair value got
okay
all right so let's go into the price
action you survived you made it here
so here we have the 15 minute timing
frame from today this is the e-mini
nasdaq and this is a 15-minute timing
frame this is where i tell you to start
this is your bellwether chart
naked chart okay pause the video
and look and see if you see anything of
any importance which swing high
would you anchor
where is there a
stop run on buy stops
when you're ready to listen to the rest
of the video unpause the video
some of you never pause the video
alright so we have 8 30 marked here okay
very specific right element of time 8 30
why because there's news that comes out
okay
employment data came out today
so at 8 30
the market
from that point on here look to the left
what do you see what's the first swing
how you come to right there
is that hard
was that
was that complicated
no very simple
so this high here
draw that out in time and you'll get
this right here
okay
but watch
with this run right there on a 15 minute
time frame
what do you do with it
well you start stripping down from a top
down five minute four minute three
minute two minute one minute
so once you have this level on your
chart on a 50 minute time frame
you drop down to your five
everything's transposed from the 15 to
the five minute you can see it trades
above it here
and the market starts to trade lower
when it's trading lower in here
you're going down into what
the four minute
here we have here is there a fair value
gap in here yet
nope there's one right there
see that
right there
so we traded below this swing low
there's a fair value got right there you
can enter there right on this candle's
high
you can go short there what's the rules
do you remember what the rules were
you can put your stop above
this here or the swing high
there's a swing high right there
candle number one
or the swing high
does it hit your stop
no this might be more than you're
willing to absorb
but there's micros
you're only trading
two dollars per handle there
it's not twenty dollars per handle okay
or four ticks
it's two dollars for each tick or 50
cents each tick so that's not a lot of
money being risked there but
i want to go down and really fine tune
it so i'm dropping down through
all the time frames five four
three
two one and if i'm being completely
honest with you i have those charts all
open
at the same time across my desk
so i'm constantly referring to all of
them now you can do that
cycling through rather quickly
and just look for the form
in the two-minute chart
you don't have a fair value gap in here
until there as well same entry and you
can put a stop there as well
and on the one minute chart
we have the run here
the break below
the short term low here
fair value gap
straight up into that look how many
times it gives you a chance to get in
this candle that's one
two
three
then it continues even lower so you're
getting a really really tight entry
there
now
some of you gonna say oh yes guys talk
about hindsight
i got you covered
i actually went in and traded this today
on trading view
and you'll see me entering right here
and writing down and taking out my
exits
below
an old low but i'm going to also teach
you
how you can
use the model here and use the exit
strategy i use today
for external range liquidity
oh something new so let's go over to
trading view
all right so i'm going to kill two
bursts of one stone here
i don't
use the replay button this is going to
be the first time you've ever seen me
use it but it's only for the
purpose of teaching
how you if you can't watch live data
okay
just
use this i guess is the best thing you
can i guess have
as an alternative
also i'm not sure if i mentioned this in
the past but if you are going to
tradingview.com and you're pulling up
the symbol
nqh2022 and you're going into a
one-minute chart
the data is delayed here and to be quite
honest which i don't recall if it's 10
minutes or 20 minutes or i don't know
exactly i don't remember what the delay
was but i pay the four dollar a month
subscription rate to get the e-mini data
and
i also have a professional account so
i'm not sure if that four dollars a
month is because i have a professional
account
or if it's just four dollars for anyone
so you'll have to investigate yourself
to see if that's something you want to
do
you don't need to have that data while
you're learning okay
you can use this function here so while
i do have real time data because if i
didn't you'd see like a little orange d
up here letter d
that would uh basically communicate to
anyone that would see the chart that
it's a delayed data
this is live data and i have it scrolled
to this morning
for february 3rd 2022
and i have my chart delineated with the
15 minute high with that level and
i'll show you this and then we'll zoom
back out to a 15 minute chart you can
see everything as it was because i'm
going to show you there was actually a
trading
entered on this today
but
you want to have a vertical line dealing
needed on trading the way you do that is
simply go in here
pick the vertical line and drop it right
there at 8 30
and there it is okay
so
for the replay button and i feel weird
just doing this because i just don't do
it but i have to do it because i know
students
need this resource while they're
learning okay
but i i don't use this my mentorship
that paid me to get education knows i
never even use this okay but i'm showing
you so that way you can back test and
practice and look at price action in a
way where it means something more than
just looking at a static chart
all right so
it started at the 8 30 hour our line
here is at that 15 minute high so what
we're expecting is a run above that high
okay
and i'll keep it kind of quick i don't
want to spend too much time with this
so clicking the play button
we're running above a short term high
right here there's a fair value got
right there hit that now watch it should
sell off that's not what i want i want
to use this high back here but if you're
a scalper you could take that low out
right there and that would have been a
trade there as well but for the daily
range which is much more significant
i'm using the 15 minute high i'm bearish
one day i'm expecting lower prices
because we've already went up a lot on
the daily chart
so now if you're waiting all day you
might look at this and say oh i missed
it there's nothing for me to do don't
think like that okay because the equity
market opens at 9 30 stock markets start
getting really busy and volatile around
that time frame
and we're coming up on it in a few
minutes here
and usually not always but usually the
first
run at 9 30
is opposite
to what the real move you want to be
doing not every time now here here's a
930 volatility look how crazy it gets
okay it's creating a low
with another low here so there's what
what's building underneath that
sell stops traders are being induced
into thinking long trades go long go
long go buy and get in there and go high
buy low sell high right
but it's it's sloppy in here
but it's keeping these lows over here
intact
above these highs that's where my
interest is okay
so i don't have a trade until we get up
above this level there
and this is on a one minute chart
okay small little shallow run
we want something that's going to push
through it
no favorite value got filmed anyway
okay i just paused it right there now
look at this initial poke above that
high that we've drawn a line on it went
above it
it went down yes did it create
any fair value gaps in it no every
candle overlaps there's no gaps there
okay there's also no swing low taken out
so there's nothing in here yet
now we have a higher high running above
this high and the high we're looking at
on the 15 minute timeframe which is
denoted by that horizontal line
right there now we have the likelihood
we if we're watching it live we're
waiting to see does it
break lower
if it breaks lower
where is there a swing low
right there
so if we can trade down below that swing
low
and as soon as it does that
look in the highest high that forms
and that low
see if there's a fair value got the
forms
right there
we went below it
after taking out the high
here's your number one candle
the number two candle
and the number three candle
so there's your gap right in here
so if it trades back this candle's high
plus
i don't know one handle
or
one tick maybe two ticks whatever
whatever you believe is an ideal entry
for you the easiest one to is just go
one tick
above that and removes all the doubt and
there's no guesswork there there it is
and where's your stop loss going to be
above the high of candle number two
or you can use above
candle number one which creates a swing
high okay whichever one you can afford
and allows you
to put the trade on
some of you are going to look at to say
oh this is too much risk okay then don't
take the trade i'm just i'm giving you a
model that works
boom right there that candle
if you had a limit order right there
that would trip you in going short and
your stop would have to be above here
another one right there there's your
second entry right above this candle
here that's entering that's your limit
order getting in go short
same stop
third
opportunity
almost completely closes in all that
range right there see that
right there
if you see that live it feels like it's
going to keep going higher because this
candle at one time when it was at the
high was all green and bold
you need to trust and train yourself
to look at this pattern as it's forming
because once you see dozens of it
occurring
it changes your perspective you don't
get scared in fact it's
fascinating to anticipate okay it went
here so now
it's going to go lower so at that point
right there at that entry
from this candle's low to this candle's
high where's about 50
about right here right
so
before we go any further where do we
take our profits
well you have a fair value gap right
there right
you see that
same thing just going up candle number
one
it's high kindle number two
and number three the low the range
between candle number one's high and the
third candle is low that's your favorite
value gap so if you're selling short up
here
you can buy it back below here because
you're below 50 of the range that it
range
from high to low you're at a discount
down here so there's your first target
remember those equal lows down here i
was telling you about what's below that
sell stops
so you want to be taking profits here
and or here this is ideal okay
let's go back and watch the rest of it
right there that's it
these are minute candles so you're
selling short here or maybe you entered
on the first one here so that's minute
one so one minute two minute three
minute four minute five minutes six
minutes seven eight nine ten eleven
minutes
and you have
10 20 30 40 50
we'll call it 60
we'll just call it 60. 60 handles
in minutes
okay
that's
literally over a thousand dollars
in a matter of time that would probably
be
longer spent for someone that smokes a
cigarette
think about that
if you are going to hold it
focusing below these lows down here okay
trust the bias
that type of move right there is
intended to upset traders and get out
and if they trailer stop lost too short
and aggressively they get knocked out
right before the big move comes down
takes out the
lows down here
so we're looking at
right in here well let's look for 14
680.
there it is
now
is that a lot of time
getting short here
weathering some of this you already took
first partial down here
so even with this pulling back your stop
stays here
you use the first partial
to
kind of like quench that desire to roll
your stop don't do that
if you do that you're probably gonna get
stopped out because you don't have the
understanding or the experience to know
where to place a protective stop while
it's being trailed
once it takes this low out down here and
if you want to hold on to position then
you can roll your stop to here
but not before why because you've taken
out a significant intermediate term low
this low
that is high on a one minute chart
that's an intermittent term
price swing
so it's taken out here
but it's also a full target
for selling short up here and getting
out down here so what was the
rough price level we used
well let's look at the high here
14 we'll just call it 14 800 just for
sake of the math
so
100 handles is 14 700 and then we have
the 80
fourteen thousand six eighty so
handles
that's a significant price move
using exactly what i've taught in this
model
now
for those out there to
say oh this
replay button he uses the replay button
that's the first time and make sure you
remember the date
because that's the first time you see me
ever do
market replay on trading view
so if you look at this area in here
i'm going to show you paper trading
account oh i said we were going to talk
about that
here is the account history
here you go the time
put a shorter on let's take a look at
where that actually occurs on the chart
and i'll show you the execution
right
there two
minis
fourteen thousand seven ninety two and a
half and i think i was reading that
wrong down here because i was showing
you the exit
yeah
close the short position yeah i read it
wrong sorry
so the entry price here
selling short two minis at 14 792 and a
half
using the favorite value
got holding on to it
first partial here
fourteen thousand six seventy five and
then the limit order i had here
was fourteen thousand six forty seven
so
how does that look on the grand scheme
of things
getting short here with that logic below
the cell stops
down here and in the limit order there
and
hopefully you've got something from this
and you've seen that there is
obviously
more to it than just fluff
it keeps repeating how many examples
have you seen already since i started
teaching this it's there and these are
the two
this is the first
uh order covered and this is the second
one okay
don't look at this and say oh my gosh
he's got 52 return and one day on first
trade
that's nothing
that's nothing but i don't want you
thinking that's what you can do okay
don't think that please don't think that
at all all i want you to do is practice
on
this logic
it's a simple process
so now
in closing
i revisited the idea of
this high to that low that's your range
okay
if you put a fibonacci on that
man i tell you i wish i had this stuff
and i was coming up
god coming in here for free look at this
so we have 50
that's your equilibrium so everything
above that price level because this low
to that high that's our price run
and
below it is discount so there's your
little fair value got right there you
see that
that right there
that's your target
going short there
but this is internal range liquidity
because it's internal
relative to this low and this high that
range so it's in the middle of that
range which makes it internal range
liquidity
what is the stops below these lows down
here
external range liquidity
so
partials
internal range
external range
your trade
very simple logic isn't it
is there a lot of moving parts
did i confuse you
simple isn't it
you may still have questions because you
may be entirely brand new to charting
and trading that's normal
but by practicing and following along in
this in this video series it's an
ongoing mentorship it's not going to
stop next week okay
this
will help you understand but i have to
give it to you in bite-sized pieces
because i give you too much
you know it's
not going to be meaningful to you
but the logic hopefully even if you
don't understand what i'm
drawing you to in your own chart like
you can't find it yet on your own chart
i'm showing you exactly where it forms
and is every example i've shown you
happening in the time of the day
the same way each time and is it
performing as i taught it
yes
that's a model that's a trading plan
that's an executable idea
that you can go in and engage with a
demo account
and over time
you get good at this
you determine what you want to do with
it i'm never going to say go and trade
live money with it
but
i already have people already that have
been trading for a while
they're a little bit more versed than
some of you if you're brand new it's
okay but
traders that have been doing live fun
trading for a while
this really resonated with them
and they could see it and it wouldn't
enter this week and they were catching
trades
real trades
and
like i said i don't want the credit for
that
but
i already know this stuff works it's
sending me emails telling me that this
is amazing and it's great
please don't do that you don't need to
do that i already know it works i'm
giving it to you so that way you can be
fascinated by it okay this is just one
model
of dozens that i have and this is the
stripped down version so hopefully
you find insight and
obviously you know benefit from
following it and if you don't
you know
i'm sorry i didn't scratch that itch for
you i'm sure if you study other things
in my youtube channel you'll probably
find something else that tickles your
fancy until i talk to you next tuesday
enjoy weekend and be safe